#6314: Add standard project scripts to @mapstore/project (#6738)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/developer-guide/mapstore-migration-guide.md

- Optionally check also accessory files like `.eslinrc`, if you want to keep aligned with lint standards.
- Follow the instructions below, in order, from your version to the one you want to update to.

## Migration from 2021.01.01 to 2021.02.00

> See [this](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/pull/6738/files) pr for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion

During this release MapStore changed a lot the project system. The first phase of this migration has been identified by [this](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/pull/6738/files) pull request. In this PR we are supporting the backward compatibility as much as possible. Anyway this migration guidelines will change accordingly to the new system soon. 
```

> **Some key files have been moved to `configs` folder like:**

Author: yes they needs to be moved or the app will not work and when writing them i am using the vs code preview

- localConfig.json
- new.json
- pluginsConfig.json
- config.json 
- simple.json 

> checkout changes to various pom.xml 
> - **pom.xml**
> - **web/pom.xml**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back-end has been reorganized 
In particular: 
- all the java code has been moved from `web/src/` to the `java/` and `product/` directories (and `release`, already existing).
- `mapstore-backend` has been renamed into `mapstore-services`.

Check the changes in pom.xml to update. (future evolution of the project will avoid you to keep your own copies of the pom files as much as possible, for this reasons these migration guidelines will change soon.)

- **pom.xml**
- **java/web/pom.xml**
```
